No talking about food?
Okay. What's your favorite food?
Do you know how to make it? Do you make it at home?
The roll thing or the...
When you just throw fish in?
nori and...
Do you roll it for like a cone or do you actually?
or you could...
What is that?
Oh, Donburi.
It's actually mixed in with the rice. It's not like just a ball of white rice, everything's on top.
Oh, it's on top? Oh, sort of like the bing bing, the Korean thing.
Oh!
mmh
Oh. That's interesting.
Well, Aomori is actually still on Honshu. It's on the top. It's not even Hokkaido.
oh i didn't think oh it didn't seem that bad
Well, I lived in Hokkaido for three years. In Asahikawa.
Asahikawa. In the middle.
And yeah, there was a lot of snow but it can sort of melt down you know yeah and then
But there was snow so often that it always looked white and beautiful. The only time it was ugly and mushy,
like one week around the end of April when everything melted.
But they did a really good job keeping the roads clear.
The other thing was that it warmed up quite a bit in the daytime, so it might be like
minus 20 or 25 at night, but you're, you're inside.
And then when you wake up in the, in the morning, it's really not that cold.
Yeah, I used to actually go out at night.
and do the grocery shopping like at 10 at night after the kids went to bed my husband always
I would take a sled and just walk to the store.
Yeah. That was like 20 years before she was born, so...
Yeah.
Well, it's right kind of in the middle of the island.
So...
I would go to Asahikawa. I love Asahikawa. It was beautiful.
You know what. I'm, wasn't. We didn't really eat much seafood when we were there.
Well, well sort of.... sort of like the diamond.
Like, you know, there's a part down there that has Hakodate kind of in the southwest, but then you've got sort of the big diamond.
we were in the middle of the diamond. So we really, a
like about as far away from the ocean as you could get.
So we didn't see a lot of seafood but one time we did see
One of my friends, I went in the grocery store with her and there was...
Whale... and she's like, oh, Kujira!
And so I went home and I told my husband, oh, it's so cool, I had Kujira in the store.
Go back quick, buy it. This is probably the only chance we'll ever get to eat it.
Whale!
Whale. And it's like a beef. It's like beef.
You just cook it in a little bit of olive oil.
and salt. Yeah. They sell it like beef. It tasted a lot like beef honestly.
It really, it was I was expecting it to be weird and it wasn't.
but as...
Well...
But I bet you they did a better job, because like we didn't know if we were doing it right. So
It was a little tough like it wasn't even when you cook
steaks sometimes it's hard to get it, you know, just right.
So, you know, it wasn't really that chewy, but there's probably like
it's like a better way to do it but my friend just told me we'll just cook a little bit of olive oil
It was okay, but I bet you the restaurant had really nice food.
seasoned and everything. Right?
Oh. I don't, to me it tastes like beef.